hello guys it's casual UK and welcome
today to a video unboxing of the MXL ac
404 USB microphone now this is from
their Professional Series and there's a
few things that are good about this
microphone and I want to explain to you
how it will work and I will also be
doing a full review with a audio quality
test of the microphone pick up in a
later video but once they're big thanks
to em itself I send this out for review
and I'm gonna be doing the unboxing
today any links you guys need to this
product or more information will be down
below ok so as you can see this is a
almost flat microphone it's used for
video conferencing and web conferencing
I will show you guys the back of the box
in a minute but there's three main
points it easy to use great for video
chat and web conferencing and 25 foot
radius
excellent excellent for conference rooms
on the side we have the same branding
and the same again on the other side on
the front we have a viewing window of
the actual product itself and also how
the sound works there as well
okay on the back it says USB microphone
with no additional power requirements
it's powered four USB compatible with
both PC and Mac plug into USB port and
you're ready to go no special drivers
required includes a includes the AC 404
the USB cable Leverett pouch and the
owner's manual okay so very very easy to
set up no CD or software involved ok so
now we're going to get into the product
guys okay so bear with me this is the
first line I'm in here
ok I think that's it inside of the box
so we're just gonna put the the box to
one side for the moment okay and in the
actual box GSU things ok you get the
user's manual here okay you get a
microfiber cleaning cloth ears obviously
place on a nice clean desk and also to
clean the microphone you get a nice
leather pouch dorsi hold the USB cable
and the microphone if you're taken on
the move perfect for business people and
here is the USB cable so it's just a
standard USB to mini-usb and here is the
microphone in there notice a plastic bag
so they're with me and i will unbox it
quick now all this packaging so that's
just they're getting a sell at a pre off
so then obviously i can get it open a
bit better now you don't
so it just comes in this plastic bag
nice and neat nice and wrapped up comes
with some silica gel that we obviously
know comes away from which is a load of
rubbish okay so on the bottom there's
like a felt material okay very smooth
and then you've got the MSL logo and the
serial number USB model number etc on
the back of the microphone you do have
the USB port and the the headphone jack
so obviously listen to your recordings
if you wish then on the front of the
microphone we have the MXL logo and then
the actual microphone pickup itself with
this nice metal grille okay so basically
what would happen this would plug the
USB cable in and effectively you would
put this on your desk and then the
radius would radius would work so any
sound being picked up in front of this
microphone would obviously come into
here so it's good for a group discussion
but they've also sent me this to try try
this out look commentating and
voiceovers because apparently the
microphone pick up on it is very very
good so I'm looking forward to trying it
out I want to say a big thanks to the
MXL for send this out for review it's
very very kind of them and I can't wait
to try out it feels very well-made looks
very simple the fact that there's no
drivers or CD included to set it up
makes me want to try out even more
because I can just plug it in and get
going so a big thanks to MXL for
supplying it remember guys if you did
like this video please leave a like and
the comment and I will get back to you
thanks a lot for watching and we'll see
you guys very very soon